[announcer] Today we are
in pursuit of a new target.
A homicidal NEXT named
Kotetsu T. Kaburagi.
He is suspected of killing 68-year old
Samantha Taylor,
a resident of Stern Bild.
If you see this man, contact
the authorities immediately!
[Kaede] Dad...
[announcer] Which hero will
apprehend this vicious criminal?!
I can't believe this.
[phone beeps]
Dammit! Is this phone broken?!
Huh?
Oh, boy...
Uh, what now...
Hey, wait a minute, folks!
There's been a big mistake,
I don't know how this happened,
but I'm not the man
you think that I am--
[man] It's the murderer!
[screaming]
Hello...?
[police sirens]
[groaning]
[agent]
All personal data regarding
Kotetsu T. Kaburagi's
association with HERO TV
has been deleted from
the network server,
as you requested, sir.
Good work, young man.
-[announcer] The police have yet to...
-[Kotetsu] Hey Agnes,
Can you tell me
what the hell is going on?
[Agnes] Who is this?
[Kotetsu] It's me, Kotetsu!
Don't you know my voice?!
[Agnes] Kotetsu?
Kotetsu Kaburagi?!
Is this supposed to be some sort of
special event for HERO TV?
Because nobody told me
a thing about it!
[Agnes]
Are you really Kotetsu Kaburagi?
I just told you I was!
Look, I'm real close to
the studio right now.
Give me some guidance,
What should I do?
[Agnes]
Kotetsu Kaburagi is near the studio!
Get everyone out
there and find him!
-Huh?!
-[Agnes] You've got some balls,
challenging us like this!
Do you really think you can get away,
once we deploy our resources?
Huh?! What in the world
are you talking--
[yelling]
[Sky High]
Kotetsu Kaburagi,
-suspected murderer of Samantha Taylor...
-Huh?
You're completely surrounded!
Do not attempt to resist!
Turn yourself in!
[Kotetsu]
Ah, quit showing off for the cameras!
I didn't do anything,
and you know it!
That is not for
me to judge!
A jury will decide whether
or not you're innocent!
I shall capture you and let justice
take its course!
Did you even hear one thing I
was trying to say to you?
Sky...
High!
Huh? [yelling]
[grunting]
[yelling]
What the hell is
going on around here?
[woman] The number you have reached
is no longer in service at this time.
Please check your number
and try again later. Thank you.
[sighing]
Don't worry,
sweetheart.
It's all just a big
misunderstanding...
[Kaede]
I'm sure you're right, Grandma.
Kaede...
[Kaede] I know Dad, and he would
never do something so awful.
He's a liar and he
can be silly...
But my dad would never
hurt anyone on purpose!
Not ever!
[whimpering]
[crying]
You're right, Kaede.
Your father's job
is to capture criminals.
He's one of
the Heroes.
[gasps]
There's a reason why he hasn't
been able to be with you.
He's been living
in the city,
working closely with
the other Heroes
to keep
everyone safe.
I'm sorry.
I should have told you sooner.
You're kidding!
No, it's the truth dear.
I'm sure you must know who
Wild Tiger is, don't you?
Well, believe it or not,
he's your father.
[gasps]
[man 1] There was a phone call
from the fugitive, Kotetsu Kaburagi.
He's still hiding within the city.
Set up roadblocks at all
major access points.
[man 2] Do we have
any more information on him
besides his photograph?
[man 1]
Aside from the fact that he's a NEXT,
we haven't been able to
find out anything about him.
[gasps]
[groans]
[grunts]
[Kotetsu] I should have
known they'd be here.
Well, someone's all
pumped up and ready.
[screams]
Don't even try it,
There's nowhere to run!
Origami!
[Dragon Kid]
So you finally showed up, huh?!
[yelling]
-Wait!
-Why would we do that?
Come along quietly,
You're outmatched!
Hold on guys!
A hero like myself would
never kill anybody!
This is clearly a case
of mistaken identity!
You've got some
nerve, mister!
A criminal has no business
calling himself a hero!
-Huh?!
-Eh?
Wait a second, it's me!
Don't you know
who I am?!
Kotetsu
Kaburagi...
Right!
Don't move!
[grunts] You guys are
driving me crazy!
Why are you treating me
like this?!
Explain right
now what's going--
We don't explain ourselves
to criminals!
[Rock Bison]
As you'll discover, it's very simple.
Earning points by capturing
bad guys like you is our job!
You idiot!
I'm your best friend!
Best friend?!
What kind of nonsense
are you talking, you low-life!
Low-life?!
All right, you've
crossed the line...
you bastard!
[grunts]
What do you know...
This guy's a power-type NEXT!
Hold it!
[announcer] The murderer showed up
at his home moments ago,
but has disappeared
once again.
According to reports, the
suspect, Kotetsu Kaburagi,
may actually be a
power-type NEXT!
[Albert]
How are you feeling, Barnaby?
Sorry for missing so
much work lately, sir.
But I'm feeling fine, now.
I'll head out to make
the arrest immediately.
-The timing couldn't be more perfect.
-Huh?
[Albert] New versions of the Hero
suits have been in development,
and I've received word from the lab
that yours has just been completed.
-You mean?
-That's right.
We have new suits for
both you and Tiger.
Everything is all set.
Go get 'em, my boy.
[grunts]
That really hurt.
What a jerk, that cow
is hard as a rock.
Huh?
[shivering]
She's gonna be a pain
in the ass, I know it.
Dammit! I'm running around here
like some kind of sewer rat!
I'm Wild Tiger,
for crying out loud!
[Kaede] My Dad is...
Wild Tiger?
[Muramasa] I'm not all that
worried about Kotetsu.
I'm sure it's just some
misunderstanding
that'll get cleared up.
Anyway, how's
Kaede?
She's taking it quite well,
all things considered.
She seems to be a lot more mature
than we gave her credit for.
I see.
That's good.
Oh! Kaede?
Why don't you give up?
This is silly!
Do you really think you
can run away from me?
I don't have much choice!
I wouldn't have to run if
you'd quit chasing me!
[Blue Rose]
Play time's over, loser.
There's no way for
you to escape...
you murderer.
I told you before and I'll tell you
again, I didn't kill anyone!
How many times
do I have to say it?!
There happens
to be proof.
Really, it would be best
if you admitted to your crimes
so we can wrap this up.
C'mon, what the heck
happened to you guys?!
-Why don't any of you recognize me?
-Hm?
Alright, maybe this'll
help jog your memory.
Remember that time when you weren't
sure about how your career was going?
How I gave you a tip at the bar because
I thought you were a good singer?
-What are you talking about?
-Huh?
Wild Tiger was the one
who gave me that tip.
How do you know so much
about my private life, anyway?
How do I know?
Because I'm Wild Tiger!
How else would I
know that stuff?!
C'mon, stop
joking around.
-Huh?!
-As you're probably aware,
nobody knows Wild Tiger's
true identity.
It's pretty bold of you
to claim to be him,
just because we don't know
his real face or name.
This is unbelievable!
What--?
Freeze right there!
I'm warning you, I'll show no mercy
if you keep spouting this nonsense!
You're the one who's spouting
nonsense! You're crazy!
[gasps]
And I suppose you've
forgotten about the time
I gave you that towel, as well?
How could you forget that?
At a rehearsal, I spilled coffee
on your towel and ruined it.
And then I gave you a really
cool towel to replace it.
[grunts]
Will you snap out of it?!
I really am Wild Tiger!
Please, believe me!
Wait, do you remember now?!
[yells]
Man! Who is it this time?!
It's Wild...
Tiger?
[announcer]
Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome back!
We're focusing on Wild Tiger,
who's made a wild
entrance in his new suit!
Looks like this might be the end
of the line for the suspect!
You have got to be kidding!
The real Wild Tiger is me!
So who the hell are you?!
Are you serious?
In that case...
See ya!
[grunting]
Who the hell are you?!
And that suit,
where'd you get that?
[Fire Emblem]
Aw, you already found him?!
It's so frustrating!
You always steal the show,
Lil Tiger!
-[giggles]
-Wait a minute.
Who exactly are you talking to?
What do you mean?
You really don't know
who Wild Tiger is?
Yeah! I'm Wild Tiger!
[Blue Rose]
You can drop the act now.
We all know it's a lie.
[gasps]
[Kotetsu]
What's happened to you guys?
Aren't we friends?
Colleagues who have fought
alongside each other?
You have to believe me!
This is some kind of nightmare.
You've really
forgotten who I am?
What is this creepy
old man talking about?
Take this nut case
away and lock him up.
[Lunatic]
Is this how it's going to end for you?
[grunts]
[Kotetsu] Lunatic?
Stop, let me explain!
I'm not the murderer!
You need to reflect carefully
upon your actions.
Why are you
helping me?
Passing judgment on those
who are truly sinful
is my idea of justice.
Therefore, allowing you to be
captured by the hands of false justice
would be something that
goes against my beliefs.
-Huh?
-Kotetsu Kaburagi.
Is this how you're going to let
your idea of justice end?
What the hell do you
think you're doing?!
Do you plan on defending
that murderer?!
I defend no one.
Nor do I follow
your code of justice.
I only obey the voice
of Thanatos.
[newscaster] Kotetsu T. Kaburagi,
the prime suspect in this case,
-is still on the run.
-I don't understand.
Why did he help me?
Hey!
This is my spot and
I'm trying to sleep.
Why don't you find
your own place?
Yeah, like you pay rent.
Bunny'll find that bad guy.
Maybe not, but I was
here before you.
As far as I'm concerned,
you're trespassing.
So go on,
get out of here.
[reporter] We have
a scoop for you, folks!
Our cameras have caught up
with Hero TV's Number One star,
Barnaby Brooks Jr., who was reported
to be resting away from home!
[grunts]
Bunny!
I'm so glad he's safe.
[reporter]
This solves one mystery for us.
During his time away, it appears
that Barnaby was staying
at the vacation home
of Mr. Albert Maverick.
[gasps]
Please rest assured, everyone,
the criminal who is terrorizing this city
will be brought to justice.
He will be captured by Barnaby himself,
who is thirsting for vengeance.
The victim, Ms. Samantha Taylor,
was more than a friend of Mr. Brooks.
She worked for his parents for many years,
and in fact, helped raise him.
He thought of her as family.
[reporter] Over here, over here,
just one question, sir. Please.
Mr. Maverick was with
Bunny all this time?
Did anything unusual happen?
[Alexander] Ms. Samantha Taylor
is here and she has a photograph
she'd like to show you.
[Kotetsu]
Well, that's weird...
You need to reflect carefully
upon your actions.
I understand it now.
Hey man, you're that guy.
[groans]
Hey!
Ben, it's Kotetsu!
Get in.
God grief. I knew I could
still count on you.
[Kotetsu] At this point,
I had no-one else to rely on.
I figured if I stayed in the
area, you'd pass by eventually.
[Kotetsu]
Where are you going?
Hang on.
Ben, don't tell me
you've forgotten who I am, too?
Shut up and stay put.
Hey, you're not taking me to
the police, are you?
I'm telling you, I
didn't do anything!
I'm not a murderer!
[grunts]
Please, stop the car!
You've gotta believe me, Ben.
I was set up!
[Ben]
Calm down, Kotetsu.
Really, you call
yourself a hero?
I don't know what happened here,
but I'm willing to give you
the benefit of the doubt.
[Ben] It's cold,
but at least it'll fill you up.
When I heard you were on the run,
I figured you might be hungry,
so I came out looking for you.
I can't believe you thought
I'd forgotten you.
Sorry about that.
I'd never stop believing in you,
no matter what they say.
Hey, I'm one of
your biggest fans!
[grunting]
[gulps]
Is this what I think?
Oh yeah! Brings back
memories, huh?
[Ben] This suit is filled with the good
old times we spent together, my friend.
I always
keep it with me.
Ah, that's great!
Huh?
Wait a minute,
what happened?
How come it's
all wrinkled?
Hey, I'm a cab
driver, not your maid.
[coughs]
[both laughing]
You know I have to say,
I was pretty shocked.
On TV, they're talking about
you like you are the murderer,
no ifs, ands, or buts.
Somebody made sure I was,
framed.
[Kaede]
This is where Dad works.
Sorry, Grandma.
[Albert] Excuse me, young lady.
Are you lost?
No. I just...
I came all the way here
so I could meet Barnaby!
Barnaby, you say?
Yes. You see, I have a problem,
and I was hoping he might
be able to
-help me out.
-I see,
you're one of Barnaby's
biggest fans, aren't you?
Well, thank you for
coming all this way.
Unfortunately, he's pretty
busy right now.
I'm afraid he won't be
able to help you
with your problem at the moment.
Sorry, my dear.
[Ben] I see...
So this whole mess you're in
is Maverick's doing, huh?
Well, I guess
that makes sense.
He's even gone through the trouble
of finding someone to go out
and pretend to be me!
Who is that guy, anyway?
I'll tell ya,
you sure know how to make enemies
with the wrong people, Kotetsu.
Yeah, it seems like it's
always happening to me!
You think that Barnaby's being influenced
by this guy, as well?
Yeah. I'm guessing he's probably not
going to remember me, either.
If I'm right, he'll be
just like everyone else.
[Ben] And you figure Maverick is
the reason they've forgotten about you?
[Kotetsu]
Well, I can't be sure, Ben.
I don't know if
it's him or a NEXT.
I'll tell you this, though;
a NEXT power is definitely
at the root of this.
So what's gonna be
your next move?
The only thing I can
think to do at the moment
is to try and make them remember
that I'm the real Wild Tiger.
Yeah, but how?
Don't worry,
I have a plan.
I'm listening.
I know it'll work now,
thanks to you, Ben.
Hm?
What's going on?!
Not sure.
A man who resembles Kotetsu Kaburagi
has appeared up on the
roof of Apollon Media.
-Did you contact him?
-Actually, he called us.
He says he's the real Wild Tiger,
and he wants us to assemble
all the Heroes at that location.
What, are you
kidding me?!
What the hell's going on?
Well, looks like most
of you are here.
All right!
It's time to let out a...
...wild roar.